Yeah
okay
I remember that. That was like the highlight.
I don't (***) it was like...
I thought it was boring. I thought there was like no plot.
So, so, so, what are books to me?
What? Walk to moon? I've never heard of that.
Yeah'
I never read that.
Yeah
I think I'm winning because I don't want to read it.
Okay.
I thought I was eight.
That's like one book? Two books per year?
Four?
I hit an animal for him. So boring.
Oh Yeah
all animals are equal but some are more equal than others
That's the only line that I know. Hahaha
Haahaahaa..
You guys ever read that one basketball one?
It was
No.....Hahaha .no, the bath.
i don't think ,I don't (***) basketball. Yes,thatonethatonethatone!!!
I liked it. I-
I don't remember much. I remember someone died and they were sad. Yeah, the dad died.
Yeah.I-
i remember i read the first few chapters and it was all the poem format
I was like, when's it gonna turn a chapter?
Haha.. all that of it was (***)
but the way they conveyed it was pretty nice, like the story still made sense
Wait, what? Intruder?
Ummm..It's like a little story game.
Guys, we reached Terabithia.
You did?
Yeah, just yours now
I forgot what happened. Was that the one with the spray paint?
Maybe.
Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking of the wrong one.
That's how good she is.
Yeah.
Wait, I read some book about first school. It was like someone puts spray paint.
Spray paint in someone else's eyes.I don't even remember what she (***)
I think there is (***) in the bottom of the water
Hahaha.. Thank you for clarifying.
wow
That's so sad.
That was genuine by the way. That's sad.
You guys need a wrinkle in time?
Uhhh... Yeah.
Yeah, just cause it was a woman, right? So he was like, I don't want to read anymore.
what?
Of course you can't wrap your mind around complex concepts like that.
that
That too. That was what I told you about that too.
He just doesn't pay attention.